Enhancing Retail Offline Features (#874)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/retail/pages/retail-offline.adoc

> 

Reviewer: Because this update still needs a connection to the SUMA, it just isn't that bandwidth intensive, it is wrong to call it 'Offline'. Can you change it to 'Cached Terminal Updates' or 'Preloaded Terminal Updates'.

Author: In the now existing text, we mostly use the term "Cached".  Thus I'd prefer it for the heading.  I changed my local copy.

> If there is low bandwidth or an unstable connection between the branch server and the terminal, images can be cached in advance and the upgrade performed on the terminals later on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is low bandwidth between the branch server and the terminal, or for optimization of terminal update process, POS images can be cached in advance on the terminal and the upgrade performed on the terminals later on.
```

This functionality requires the terminal to have a dedicated service partition. A service partition is a partition mounted as `/srv/saltboot`.
This partition must be created before the system partition and large enough to store a system image.
To ensure that terminals will always have such a partition, use the Saltboot formula for terminal hardware type to specify the partition details.
For more information, see xref:salt:formula-saltboot.adoc[].

When the service partition is set up on the terminal, a system image can be downloaded in advance by applying the `saltboot.cache_image` state:

----
salt $TERMINALID state.apply saltboot.cache_image
----

This can be done regularly to ensure that terminals always have an uptodate system image downloaded.

> When the terminal is rebooted and an uptodate system image is found in the service partition, the terminal will automatically use this cached image for system redeployment.

Reviewer: During the review I started to use POS image instead of system image. I think it is then clear what it is talked about.

Author: ok, I changed my local copy.

////
// If a procedure is wanted we can use this as a template

To set this up:

* Create a service partition on the terminal, which will be used for caching the images.
* Download the image to the terminal during regular operations, when a connection is present.

> * Reboot the terminal, during which the image will be replaced from the cache.

Reviewer: I think this can be removed. The same information is now provided above.

Reviewer 2: Yep, take it out.
